=pod

=encoding utf8

=head1 Purpose

A few years ago, my son needed a stopwatch for a science fair project.  I wrote
one using gtkmm.  I lost that code, but thought it made a good base for an
example project.  I've recreated it in this project.  While I think this
stopwatch works fine, I expect most people to already have access to a
perfectly good stopwatch on their phone.  Many people probably have access
to more than one.

Instead this project serves only as a demo of how I think about GUI
programming.  It's been cleaned up from the original somewhat.  The original
code had two threads:  the GUI thread and the thread that actually kept track
of time.  It turns out that there is no need for a second thread.  The
original project wasn't localized (the F<stopwatch.conf> file).  The original
project's UI thread was focused on a state machine to properly process the
events coming from the second thread.  Instead of doing that, I now change
the event handlers accordingly.  However, the code has never relied on
inheritance the way that many GUI tutorials do.  If anything, this project
shows that it is possible to implement a project in gtkmm without inheriting
from C<Gtk::Window> or other widgets.

=head1 Tests

Unfortunately, this is the kind of code that doesn't lend itself to tests.
Once you strip out the UI-related code, most of what's left involves asking
for a current point in time, and determining how much time has elapsed since an
earlier point.  I love tests, but I don't see a good way to include them in
this project.

